Use Case 1 : Loading a Bibliography File 
1. The user opens the program
2. The user clicks 'File' --> 'Open...'
3. The program opens the file explorer window
4. The user chooses the file to import from dialog box
5. Program reads the file
6. Program creates an interactive bibliography object
7. The user manipulates the bibliography file

	Variation: The User attempts to open an unsupported file
	1.1	In step 4, the user chooses an invalid file type from dialog box
	1.2	The user is alerted that the file type is unsupported
	1.3	Continue from step 2


Use Case 2 : Adding a Citation to a Bibliography
1. The user loads bibliography file using the use case above
2. The user clicks 'Bibliography' --> 'Add Citation'
3. A new citation is created with type set as "misc" and key set as "new_key"
4. The program shows the new citation in the citation edit panel on the right.
5. The user changes the type, key or fields of the new citation.
6. The user saves the citation by clicking the "Save" button at the bottom of the edit panel.

	Variation: The user leaves required fields blank when adding citation
	1.1	In step 6, the user leaves required fields blank
	1.2	The user clicks 'Save' in citation edit panel
	1.3	The program alerts the user that required fields are blank
	1.4	Continue from step 5

	Variation: The user attempts to save a citation that has the same key as one in the bibliography
	2.1	In step 6, the user attempts to save a citation with a duplicate key
	2.2	The user clicks 'Save' in citation edit panel
	2.3	The program alerts the user that the citation already exists
	2.4	Continue from step 5


Use Case 3 : Remove a Citation from a Bibliography
1. The user selects a citation inside the list of citations or the list of search result
2. The user clicks "Bibliography" --> "Remove citation"
3. The citation selected is then removed
4. The list is refreshed

	Variation: The user wants to remove multiple citations
	1.1 The user selects multiple citations by hold "Control" or "Shift" 
	1.2 Continue from step 2 


Use case 4 : The user wants to change a field they have previously entered in a citation
1. The user loads a bibliography
2. The user selects the citation they want to change from the list on the left
3. The program displays the fields in this citation in the main window on the right
4. The user selects the value in the table shown
5. The user edits the text in the field and then clicks "save" at the bottom
6. The citation's field is modified in the program and saved accordingly

	Variation: The user does not see the field they want to have
	1.1 The user clicks 'Add Field' at the top of the main frame
	1.2 A new empty row is added to the end of the table
	1.3 The user selects the first column of the table and types in the new field name
	1.4 Continue from step 4
	
	Variation: The user wants to delete an optional field
	2.1 The user select the entry needs to be deleted by click on the row
	2.2 The user clicks the "Remove Field" button at the top
	2.3 Continue from step 5


Use Case 5 : The user wants to find a specific citation in a large bibliography
1. The user clicks the "search" tab at the top of the left panel
2. The user selects the field that they want to search for and types in the value
3. The program goes through the bibliography and shows the citations that match that value
4. The user selects the citation they were looking for
5. The program opens that citation and allows the user to edit it normally.


Use Case 6 : The user wants to sort the citations in a bibliography
1. The user navigates to "Bibliography" --> "Sort"
2. The user chooses the criteria used for sorting in the "Sort" menu shown.
3. The program sorts the citations in the bibliography

	Variation: The citations in the bibliography cannot be sorted because some citations do not contain the field used for sorting
	1.1 The user is notified that the bibliography cannot be sorted
	1.2 Continue from step 1
	
	
Use Case 7 : Save bibliography to a file
1. The user clicks "File" --> "Save"
2. A save dialog is shown to allow the user to choose the destination file
3. The user choose the folder under which the file is to be saved and changes the file name
4. User clicks "Save" in the save dialog'


Use case 8 : Annotate a citation
1. The user edits a citation following use case 4
2. The user adds a field that has the name "Annotation" following the first variation of use case 4


Use case 9 : Generate a bibliography file with a select subset of the entire bibliography.
1. The user opens the original citation following use case 1
2. The user removes the citations that will not be in the new bibliography following use case 3
3. The user saves the new citation to another file following use case 7
4. The user opens the original citation file to continue editing